doc: app_event_manager: Improve event flags documentation (#10222)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/app_event_manager.rst

1. Include the header file for the new event type in your source file.
#. Define the event type with the :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.
   Pass the name of the event type as declared in the header along with additional parameters.

>    For example, you can provide a function that logs using event manager macro a string version of the event data (used for logging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, you can provide a function that logs a string version of the event data (used for logging) by using the event manager macro.
```

>    For example, you can provide a function that logs using event manager macro a string version of the event data (used for logging).

Reviewer 2: `For example, you can provide a function that logs a string version of the event data using :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_MANAGER_LOG` macro`

>    For example, you can provide a function that logs a string version of the event data (used for logging) by using :c:macro:APP_EVENT_MANAGER_LOG macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, you can provide a function that logs a string version of the event data (used for logging) by using the :c:macro:APP_EVENT_MANAGER_LOG macro.
```

>    For example, you can provide a function that logs a string version of the event data (used for logging) by using the :c:macro:APP_EVENT_MANAGER_LOG macro.

Reviewer 2: is `(used for logging)` part still needed?

   The :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro adds flags as a last parameter.
   These flags are constant and can only be set using :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` on :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_TYPE_DEFINE` macro.

>    To not set any flag, use :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` without any argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To not set any flag, use the :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_FLAGS_CREATE` macro without any argument.
```

>    To enable logging from the application start use :c:enum:`APP_EVENT_TYPE_FLAGS_INIT_LOG_ENABLE` as shown in the below example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To enable logging from the application start, use the :c:enum:`APP_EVENT_TYPE_FLAGS_INIT_LOG_ENABLE` enum as shown in the following example.
```

#. :ref:`Implement an Event handler function <app_event_manager_register_module_as_listener_handler>` and define the module as a listener with the :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_LISTENER` macro, passing both the name of the module and the event handler function as arguments.
#. Subscribe the listener to specific event types.

> For subscribing to an event type, the Application Event Manager provides four types of subscriptions, differing in priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Application Event Manager provides four types of events subscriptions, differing in priority.
```

Reviewer: please double-check if the meaning remains unchanged
